.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
If you are reporting a new issue, make sure that we do not have any duplicates
already open. You can ensure this by searching the issue list for this
repository. Please be sure the issue you will report is not actually related to JDownloader.
If your issue is related to JDownloader, you will probably find help to the official
JDownloader forum (https://board.jdownloader.org/forumdisplay.php?f=50)
If there is a duplicate, please close your issue and add a comment
to the existing issue instead.

If you suspect your issue is a bug, please edit your issue description to
include the BUG REPORT INFORMATION shown below. If you fail to provide this
information within 7 days, we cannot debug your issue and will close it. We
will, however, reopen it if you later provide the information.

PLEASE REMEMBER THAT I'M NOT PART OF JDOWNLOADER NOR DOCKER TEAMS!

For more information about reporting issues, see
https://github.com/jaymoulin/docker-jdownloader/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

You do NOT have to include this information if this is a FEATURE REQUEST

If you find this useful, please consider starring the repo and/or donating.
People showing interest attract more attention ;)
-->

**Output of `docker inspect jdownloader --format='{{index .Config.Labels.version}}'`:**

```
(paste your output here)
```

**Description**

<!--
Briefly describe the problem you are having in a few paragraphs.
-->

**Command line I used to start the container**

**Steps to reproduce the issue:**
1.
2.
3.

**Describe the results you received:**


**Describe the results you expected:**


**Additional information you deem important (e.g. issue happens only occasionally):**

**Provide some logs (`docker logs jdownloader`)**

<details>
<pre>
(paste logs)
</pre>
</details>

Commit message:

Adds clearer rules for issue

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
YOU HAVE TO READ THIS, YOUR ISSUE WILL BE IGNORED IF NOT READ AND RESPECTED.

If you are reporting a new issue, make sure that we do not have any duplicates
already open. You can ensure this by searching the issue list for this
repository. Please be sure the issue you will report is not actually related to JDownloader.
If your issue is related to JDownloader, you will probably find help to the official
JDownloader forum (https://board.jdownloader.org/forumdisplay.php?f=50)
If there is a duplicate, please close your issue and add a comment
to the existing issue instead.

If you suspect your issue is a bug, please edit your issue description to
include the BUG REPORT INFORMATION shown below. If you fail to provide this
information within 7 days, we cannot debug your issue and will close it. We
will, however, reopen it if you later provide the information.

PLEASE REMEMBER THAT I'M NOT PART OF JDOWNLOADER NOR DOCKER TEAMS!

REALLY IMPORTANT
As Jdownloader logs are REALLY verbose, always use <details><pre>PASTED LOGS</pre></details>
syntax to make your issue readable. As a reminder, I AM NOT PART OF THE JDOWNLOADER TEAMS
so if you're willing to paste your logs, you probably want to ask JDownloader support
at https://support.jdownloader.org/ (only if you didn't find help on their forum)

For more information about reporting issues, see
https://github.com/jaymoulin/docker-jdownloader/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

You do NOT have to include this information if this is a FEATURE REQUEST

If you find this useful, please consider starring the repo and/or donating.
People showing interest attract more attention ;)
-->

**Output of `docker inspect jdownloader --format='{{index .Config.Labels.version}}'`:**

```
(paste your output here)
```

**Description**

<!--
Briefly describe the problem you are having in a few paragraphs.
-->

**Command line I used to start the container**

**Steps to reproduce the issue:**
1.
2.
3.

**Describe the results you received:**


**Describe the results you expected:**


**Additional information you deem important (e.g. issue happens only occasionally):**

**Provide some logs (`docker logs jdownloader`)**

<details>
<pre>
(paste logs)
</pre>
</details>
